An Irishman won the Nobel prize for literature.
An Irishman won a Nobel prize.
Every European has the right to live in Europe.
Every European is a person.
Every person who has the right to live in Europe can travel freely within Europe.
Every European can travel freely within Europe.
All Europeans have the right to live in Europe.
Every European is a person.
Every person who has the right to live in Europe can travel freely within Europe.
All Europeans can travel freely within Europe.
Each European has the right to live in Europe.
Every person who has the right to live in Europe can travel freely within Europe.
Each European can travel freely within Europe.
The residents of member states have the right to live in Europe.
All residents of member states are individuals.
Every individual who has the right to live in Europe can travel freely within Europe.
The residents of member states can travel freely within Europe.
No delegate finished the report on time.
No delegate finished the report.
Some delegates finished the survey on time.
Some delegates finished the survey.
Several delegates got the results published in major national newspapers.
Several delegates got the results published.
Most Europeans are resident in Europe.
All Europeans are people.
All people who are resident in Europe can travel freely within Europe.

A few committee members are from Sweden.
All committee members are people.
All people who are from Sweden are from Scandinavia.
At least a few committee members are from Scandinavia.

Few committee members are from Portugal.
All committee members are people.
All people who are from Portugal are from southern Europe.
There are few committee members from southern Europe.

Both commissioners used to be leading businessmen.
Both commissioners used to be businessmen.

Neither commissioner spends a lot of time at home.
Neither commissioner spends time at home.

At least three commissioners spend a lot of time at home.
At least three commissioners spend time at home.
At most ten commissioners spend a lot of time at home.
At most ten commissioners spend time at home.


























